config TTY
	bool "Enable TTY" if EXPERT
	default y
	---help---
	  Allows you to remove TTY support which can save space, and
	  blocks features that require TTY from inclusion in the kernel.
	  TTY is required for any text terminals or serial port
	  communication. Most users should leave this enabled.

if TTY

config VT
	bool "Virtual terminal" if EXPERT
	depends on !S390 && !UML
	select INPUT
	default y
	---help---
	  If you say Y here, you will get support for terminal devices with
	  display and keyboard devices. These are called "virtual" because you
	  can run several virtual terminals (also called virtual consoles) on
	  one physical terminal. This is rather useful, for example one
	  virtual terminal can collect system messages and warnings, another
	  one can be used for a text-mode user session, and a third could run
	  an X session, all in parallel. Switching between virtual terminals
	  is done with certain key combinations, usually Alt-<function key>.

	  The setterm command ("man setterm") can be used to change the
	  properties (such as colors or beeping) of a virtual terminal. The
	  man page console_codes(4) ("man console_codes") contains the special
	  character sequences that can be used to change those properties
	  directly. The fonts used on virtual terminals can be changed with
	  the setfont ("man setfont") command and the key bindings are defined
	  with the loadkeys ("man loadkeys") command.

	  You need at least one virtual terminal device in order to make use
	  of your keyboard and monitor. Therefore, only people configuring an
	  embedded system would want to say N here in order to save some
	  memory; the only way to log into such a system is then via a serial
	  or network connection.

	  If unsure, say Y, or else you won't be able to do much with your new
	  shiny Linux system :-)

config VT_CONSOLE
	bool "Support for console on virtual terminal" if EXPERT
	depends on VT
	default y
	---help---
	  The system console is the device which receives all kernel messages
	  and warnings and which allows logins in single user mode. If you
	  answer Y here, a virtual terminal (the device used to interact with
	  a physical terminal) can be used as system console. This is the most
	  common mode of operations, so you should say Y here unless you want
	  the kernel messages be output only to a serial port (in which case
	  you should say Y to "Console on serial port", below).

	  If you do say Y here, by default the currently visible virtual
	  terminal (/dev/tty0) will be used as system console. You can change
	  that with a kernel command line option such as "console=tty3" which
	  would use the third virtual terminal as system console. (Try "man
	  bootparam" or see the documentation of your boot loader (lilo or
	  loadlin) about how to pass options to the kernel at boot time.)

	  If unsure, say Y.

endif # TTY
